---
layout: post
title:  "Seagulls when you expected Stormcrows"
subtitle: "Sometimes the universe nods gravely at you, sometimes it squawks"
date:   2020-04-28 16:24:35 +0100
categories: life
---
Portentious occasions, signs and symbols are important to me. Probably read too much fantasy growing up, and probably still convinced I'm the hero of the only narrative that matters: mine. At various times in my life, I've made an Important Decision only to look up and see crows circling overhead. Naturally, I decided that these were to be my omens.

Then the other day, as the winds howled and the rain battered my apartment windows, I found myself ruminating on something Important once more. It was probably Very Important, something along the lines of having enough of this shit and deciding to stick it to The Man (or someone equally deserving of a good stickening). I made up my mind, and my eyes snapped to a soaring shape half blotted out by rain. My Omens! My Crows! My sweet sweet confirmation bias that the Universe heard me and is cheering me on!

What eventually passed not 10 paces from my window was not a crow, but a seagull. I have nothing against seagulls, but when you're expecting the midnight majesty of a jet-black corvid to glide by and pass on a much-needed thumbs up from the Cosmos, a seagull is... Well, you know. They're so goofy-looking and, er, un-portentious? I could have sworn that as it passed, it turned and looked at me with its crossed eyes set in the face of a confused elderly German tourist and let out the most undignified squawk.

That fucking seagull snapped something in me. Something that was wound up tight and needed to give. That thing was not my sanity or my humanity, but my grim...ness? I can't really boil it down past this: at that point in my life I was melodramatising every little conflict or struggle I faced. My head was shoved so far into the metaphorical woods that everything was a life or death battle. Really I just needed to get on with some shit and it was as easy as doing it. I had a little nervous chuckle and felt that some weight was lifted. Not dramatically, or categorically, mind you, but it gave me just enough wiggle room to work my head out.

I've learned since that sometimes the most significant moments can come in most pedestrain packaging, and maybe the best ones are even farcical when you first consider them.

I didn't pick today to restart writing again. It happened like this: Covid-19, quarantine, furlough, distracting myself with skills and tasks I decided were important to build. I was able to convince myself that the 'work' I was doing to fill the days was important, because it was. Learning a modern front-end framework, teaching myself Japanese, closing down various long-running threads in my todo list _are_ important.

However, I failed to really consider why I was doing it. But then I did consider. And I realised there were other things I should also be doing, like writing. And that, unfortunately, is just it. I didn't do anything special, I didn't have a /yet another grand awakening. I just created this repo and started writing a post.

But you'll never believe what just fucking sailed past my window.