---
layout: post
title:  "Regret"
subtitle: "A hard one to think yourself out of"
date:   2020-05-19 12:00:00 +0100
categories: life
---

Why is the regret of decisions not made the bitterest? It's the hopelessness of time lost that rubs salt into the wound. Not only did you not do something, but you'll never get a chance at it again.

Sure, you could quit your job right now and move to that city you dreamed of living in when you were 20, but it's not the same as actually living your 20s there. Even starting fresh right this instant, you'd be imagining all the fun you would have had, where your career would have taken you. You can't go to those bars you loved now, you'd be the sad old person. You can't get a job in the mail room and work your ass off to a portfolio manager position, you've already changed careers.

And that's what hurts. Is that you'll have to live with a life unlived, that only becomes more unlived every day that passes. So you bury that longing, tell yourself to concentrate on the present, hindsight is 2020, and get on with your life. And all is good for a while.

But then a year later, that feeling whips back into your head. And all you can do is think 'damn, it's been another year' before trying to tamp it down, rationalize it away. The fact will always remain that at some point in the past, some decision you didn't make caused that timeline to diverge away from the one you live. And that timeline will always be apart, progressing and growing more enviable with time. Like a wine refrigerator that you lost the key to but can still press your nose to and imagine how incredibly those vintages have become.

The best time to start was 5 years ago. The second best time is now. Those wines are lost forever even though they're right in front of your face. But the good news is: people are filling new bottles every day. Go out and get some. You might, one year again hence, find that old fridge and say 'dammit, if only I had that key', but the sting of it will be dulled by fresh vintages coursing through your veins. Do the thing.
