---
layout: post
title:  "Identify, Isolate, Immolate - 1"
subtitle: "Things I'm trying to work on"
date:   2020-05-15 16:24:35 +0100
categories: howto
---

# Bro, if you would permit me, an analogy
Bodybuilding used to be about proportionality. Sadly, these days it's more about being a yoked-ass freak-beast, but in the days of yore, size was wasted if your left trap was smaller than the right and you were all hunched to one side. So what did the greats spend a lot of time doing? Working out, of course.

### Identify
But it wasn't just undirected work that may or may not have improved their physiques. Time was spent in ruthlessly critical analysis, spotting millimeter imperfections and noting single-digit degrees of imbalance. This analysis was used to direct the work.

### Isolate
Once these weaknesses were identified, more thinking goes into designing exercises that hit them in isolation. It's no good doing more military press if one of your shoulders is lagging behind, you'll simply kick the problem two steps down the road. Instead, the bodybuilder (perhaps, with a braintrust of fellow meatheads) would devise a way to hit that offending deltoid from this angle and that, making sure work was being done by only the fibre clusters that needed it.

### Immolate
Weakness identified? Check. Solution designed? Check. Then there is nothing but everything left to do, but work it until it burns. Reps, endless reps, until the weakness is consumed by the burn. And in fire, we are cleansed of the weakness.

# In practice
I've been running these III cycles for as long as I can remember in the gym. Now, in part because the gym is closed and in part because I realise I've been an **idiot** for not doing it earlier, I'll be doing this to the rest of my life. Personality, professional skills, hobbies, I'll ride this analogy train straight off the rails!

### Where I'm going to be getting more reps
The act of evaluation needs to be a constant one, so this won't be a one-and-done thing. For now, here's the first training block:
- Fear of getting sucked into conversations and getting distracted so not keeping in touch with anyone at all **>>** set up a daily comms quarter where I batch all my messaging I've been putting off **>>** messaging until all backlog is clear and I've messaged one additional person
- Fear of asking for help and advice resulting in blind spots **>>** set up list of knowledgeable people and pointed questions **>>** message one a week asking for advice
- Terrible at self-promotion **>>** build up portfolio of content and portfolio page **>>** publish on PM website