---
layout: post
title:  "Pause"
subtitle: "A short story about us"
date:   2021-04-27 12:00:00 +0100
categories: howto
---

An uninterrupted assault swamped us from the moment we woke until the time where we passed out. Sharp, harsh and from all directions at once, with an intensity like summer's heat and the bite of artic wind. Blinding and deafening us to all else. So real we could taste it, smell it both sickly sweet and aggressively acrid. It picked us up, swirled us around in its currents and eddies, smashing us upon rocks when we weren't expecting it. We were helpless before it, we were subsumed by it. Until something else sliced through.

And then there was cool, clear silence.

But from the edges of that shade in which we stood the noise and the glare pushed back in. Seeking, hunting for gaps to exploit, crowding in further and further until it almost had us again and then it was cut.

Once more.

And again, in and out, things would ebb until the space remained.

Standing there in the space we had been taught to fear by all that sought to fill it, we began to notice. 

We noticed individual sounds, individual smells. We noticed how the grain of wood looked like the waves of an ocean viewed in an old sepia photograph. We noticed how the moon, large as it appeared on the horizon before sunset, really looked like a globe thousands of kilometers *that way*. We noticed the puffs of dust that a bumblebee raised as it buzzed across our path. We noticed all things.

And then it began to dawn on us that this space was not void. It was raw potentiality. It could become so many things, it could be applied so many ways. It was everything; and by stepping into it, we were everything.

But then my phone buzzed and it all rushed back in on me. A message led to a app, an app led to a feed, the feed led to some wiki-rabbit hole as I looked up something in a video. Before I knew it my meeting reminder went off and that was it for another few hours, days, weeks until by chance, I was walking down a quiet back street and happened across a bee. I remembered what we are.
